Add note for installing neuroconv datainterfaces with `zsh` (#180)
catalystneuro/neuroconv: docs/user_guide/datainterfaces.rst

    pip install neuroconv[spikeglx]

.. note::

>      If you are using `zsh` for command interpreter, you will have to quote the
>      argument like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     If you are using a Z-shell (`zsh`) terminal (the default for MacOS), then you will have to use quotes to specify the custom dependency.
```
